Parcel updates (#372)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/non-js-resources/subtests/css/subtests/source/parcel/index.md

---
result: partial
issue:
  - url: https://github.com/parcel-bundler/parcel/issues/4320
    fixedSince: 2.0.0-beta.1
    status: closed
  - url: https://github.com/parcel-bundler/parcel/issues/4855
---

Parcel supports this out-of-the box via an [import with a special scheme](<https://v2.parceljs.org/configuration/plugin-configuration/#predefined-(offical)-named-pipelines>), `bundle-text:`.

> However, this creates inline sourcemaps in your code, which will inflate the size of your JavaScript in production. The only way to avoid this is to disable sourcemaps altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the inlined CSS string includes a full sourcemap, inflating the size of your JavaScript in production. The only way to avoid this is to disable sourcemaps altogether.
```
